
                        Kreider "C" Library Documents
                        -----------------------------

Enclosed are the docs for the full Kreider Library.  In December, 1987
I released the docs for those functions that were added to the standard
"C" library by Carls library.  This archives contains machine readable
copy for all the functions.  Each file is formatted for MROFF output,
and scripts are included to allow the user to make printed docs or neat
manual pages for online reading.

TO PRINT THE DOCS

Get your printer ready with lots of paper.  The docs print on 147 pages.
Run the shell script "printdocs" and get some lunch, and maybe dinner too!
You can change the script to redirect output to a disk file if you like.

TO MAKE MANUAL PAGES

Run the script "make.mans".  If you don't have a directory called MAN
under the directory where the mroff source files are, then make one first.
Again, go get some shopping done, or clean the celler/garage.

MROFF CHANGES

A new version of MROFF is included in this archive.  Basically, all it does
is add a few extra commands to be slightly more compatible with UNIX nroff.
In fact, the mroff source files will print nicely on a UNIX system using
nroff or troff without any changes.

MAN UTILITY

A man utility is included with the archive to enable those without such a
beast to have online manual printing.  This is a very basic man utility,
written by Pete Lyall and seriously hacked apart by me.  Everything is
hardcoded for my system.  Sorry.  You'll have to change the source and
re-compile to use it.

Along with the man utility are two files, "man.index" and "man.help".
Man.index is an index (really!!?? - grin) of the library manuals.  MAN
tried to find the page depending on what you give it on the command line.
If it can't, it looks into the index to try and get the right page.  It's
simple, fast, and works pretty well.  "Man.help" is a simple file to allow
you to quickly find the function you are looking for by giving it a keyword
to search for.  Again, it is simple, fast, and reasonably usefull.

Mark Griffith
DeLand, Fl.

CIS         76070,41
UUCP        ....!uflorida!ki4pv!macs!mdg
 or         ....!uflorida!ki4pv!macs!stetson!rewop!sysop
Internet    griffith@stetson.edu
BITNET      GRIFFITH@STETSON
